README.md, before:

# QualiproFront
This application displays and manage a list of musical bands and their associated information in a table, fetched from an API.

## Features

- Filtering of table data
- Add/Delete/Edit band functionality 

## Technologies Used

- **Frontend**: Angular version 17.0.1. [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli)
- **Node.js**: v18.18.0
- **NPM**: v10.1.0

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

Commit message:

Add video link to README.md

README.md, after:

# QualiproFront
This application displays and manage a list of musical bands and their associated information in a table, fetched from an API.
This is the link to the demo vide of the app : https://drive.google.com/file/d/1oEjEAo6qb9-ktv14MQhOag6TFih4Dgw1/view?usp=sharing

## Features

- Filtering of table data
- Add/Delete/Edit band functionality 

## Technologies Used

- **Frontend**: Angular version 17.0.1. [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli)
- **Node.js**: v18.18.0
- **NPM**: v10.1.0

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.
